Question:    Does a new supplement help people sleep better?

Hypothesis:  The supplement helps people sleep longer and more effectively than if they were not on the supplement.

Versions:    In the test, we will administer both the real supplement and a placebo.

Sample:      We test a group of 500 people who have reported having issues sleeping. 

Method:      Using a sleep-tracking watch we will track how many hours per night each tester sleeps, as well as the amount of
             times each tester wakes up per night.

Outcome:     We want to see if testers taking the real supplement on average have longer and less interrupted sleep.

------

Question:    Will new uniforms help a gym's business?

Hypothesis:  New uniforms will cause an initial surge in business 

Versions:    Track the business for 6 months or look back at old business sales/revenue data. Introduce the new uniforms then 
             track the same data for another 6 months.

Sample:      People who are making a purchase at the gym.

Method:      Here we are tracking sales and comparing it before and after the new uniforms were introduced.

Outcome:     An increase in sales / revenue would constitute a success here.

------

Question:    Will a new homepage improve my online exotic pet rental business?

Hypothesis:  New uniforms will cause an initial surge in business 

Versions:    We will randomly direct visitors to the site to either the new homepage or the old homepage.

Sample:      Randomly directed site visitors over the period of 2 weeks.

Method:      While users are on the homepage, we will track how long they spend there, what their next step is, and if they
             ultimately make a purchase or not.

Outcome:     The key variable we want to track is if a user makes a purchase or not but the others will help give us a sense
             of the general effectiveness of the homepage as well.
             
------

Question:    If I put 'please read' in the email subject will more people read my emails?

Hypothesis:  Including 'please read' will increase the amount of people reading your emails

Versions:    We send 5 emails with 'please read' and 5 without 'please read' at different times of day / days of the week

Sample:      The sample will be your current mailing list

Method:      we will track if an email is read, and if there is a CTA in the email, if that CTA was clicked.

Outcome:     The CTA being clicked is the key variable we want to track, having your emails be opened is important to track
             and an important variable but just because it was opened does not neccessarily meant it was read / acted upon.

